The implementation of the learning algorithms uses as dataset for training and testing the Optical Recognition of Handwritten Digits Dataset from the repository of the University of California at Irvine (UCI dataset). 
Part of the project focuses on this dataset, but all the machine learnings models are implemented to be used for any dataset (depending if supervised/unsupervised) and a dataset package contains the data structures to abstract the dataset from the files, LabelledData and BinaryData respectively. Multiple machine learning algorithms create a little framework that can be used for supervised and unsupervised tasks. However, the implementation of Multilayer Perceptron (MLP), Stacked Restricted Boltzmann Machines (RBMs) and Deep Belief Network (DBN) were not able to work on the project dataset and were not kept in mind in the algorithms accuracy and score section even thought the implementation was complete. Reasonably, the most significant reason was that they have too much parameters/weights to be trained properly on the UCI dataset: MLP has three layers, stacked RBMs have at least three layers (two RBMs and one Softmax) and DBN has 4 layers (counting Softmax on top to classify). All of them scored up to 20%. Nonetheless, they are very important, not-trivial algorithms to have knowledge of. 
There is a specific package for any machine learning model, anyone containing the code to train the classifier and run a two fold test. The classes named Test + name of the model contain the main method to run the program.  A bland util class named TwoFoldTest is inside such packages implementing the logic to print in the console the accuracy of the tests. 
In the TestNearestNeighbors
On the test folder there are packages containing the main classes with the main method to run the program. 
